MURDER MYSTERIES
----------------

> Is there foulplay?
A homicide detective is called upon a crime scene. He finds that a body is lying on the ground in front of a multistory building. By all the means, it looks like a simple suicide case. But there are doubts in his mind. He goes to the first floor and moves into the room facing the direction of the body. He opens the window in that direction and looks down towards his team. The he goes to the second floor and again moves into the room facing that direction, opens the window and looks down at his team. He continues with the same process till the top floor. After that, he returns back to where his team is standing. He tells them that it is a suicide. How did he come to such a conclusion?

> Family business.
One evening there was a murder in the home of married couple, their son and daughter. One of these four people murdered one of the others. One of the members of the family witnessed the crime. The other one helped the murderer. These are the things we know for sure:
1. The witness and the one who helped the murderer were not of the same sex.
2. The oldest person and the witness were not of the same sex.
3. The youngest person and the victim were not of the same sex.
4. The one who helped the murderer was older than the victim.
5. The father was the oldest member of the family.
6. The murderer was not the youngest member of the family.
Who was the murderer?

> A grave loss.
A famous chemist was found murdered in his own lab. Police knew that two people were involved in the murder. There were five suspects. Abraham, Ted, Manfred, Felice, Nicolas. They found a note written by the chemist.
26-3-58
28-27-57-16
Based on the note, The police were able to catch the murderers. How?

> Just say no!
A taxi driver who is a serial killer kidnaps his passenger and force the passenger to play the game of death with him. Game: There are two pills in two separate bottles on the table. One of them is harmless and the other one is poisonous. The passenger will choose one pill and the killer need to pick the other pill and both simultaneously will swallow the pill with water. Every time the passenger dies. One day driver kidnaps the Sherlock and forces him to play the same game with him. Sherlock solves the mystery of the two pills and remains alive. Explain?
